OSDOCS#11133: Hosted control planes release notes (#83594)
openshift/openshift-docs: hosted_control_planes/hosted-control-planes-release-notes.adoc

:_mod-docs-content-type: ASSEMBLY
[id="hosted-control-planes-release-notes"]

> = Hosted control planes release notes

Reviewer: ```suggestion
= {hcp-capital} release notes
```
I think we should use the attribute here. If I'm mistaken, feel free to ignore me :)

Author: You are right. The attribute was not rendering so I used the term. Checking how can attribute be rendered....

:context: hosted-control-planes-release-notes
include::_attributes/common-attributes.adoc[]

toc::[]

> Release notes contain information about new and deprecated features, changes, and known issues. The following release notes apply for {hcp} releases on {product-title}.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Release notes contain information about new and deprecated features, changes, and known issues. The following release notes apply to releases of {hcp} for {product-title}.
```

[id="hcp-4-17-_{context}"]
=== Support for {product-title} versions in hosted clusters
You can deploy a range of supported {product-title} versions in a hosted cluster. For more information, see xref:../hosted_control_planes/hcp-updating.adoc#hcp-supported-ocp-versions_hcp-updating[Supported {product-title} versions in a hosted cluster].

[id="hcp-4-17-virt-dc_{context}"]
=== {hcp-capital} on {VirtProductName} in a disconnected environment is Generally Available
In this release, {hcp} on {VirtProductName} in a disconnected environment is Generally Available. For more information, see xref:../hosted_control_planes/hcp-disconnected/hcp-deploy-dc-virt.adoc#hcp-deploy-dc-virt[Deploying {hcp} on {VirtProductName} in a disconnected environment].

[id="hcp-4-17-multi_{context}"]
=== {hcp-capital} for an ARM64 {product-title} cluster on {aws-short} is Generally Available
In this release, {hcp} for an ARM64 {product-title} cluster on {aws-short} is Generally Available. For more information, see xref:../hosted_control_planes/hcp-deploy/hcp-deploy-aws.adoc#hcp-enable-arm-amd_hcp-deploy-aws[Running hosted clusters on an ARM64 architecture].

> [id="hcp-4-17-aws_{context}"]

Reviewer: @xenolinux I think you can remove lines 42 - 44, as HCP on AWS has been GA for multiple releases.

Author: Right. Addressed

=== {hcp-capital} for an {product-title} cluster on {aws-short} is Generally Available
In this release, {hcp} for an {product-title} cluster on {aws-short} is Generally Available. For more information, see xref:../hosted_control_planes/hcp-deploy/hcp-deploy-aws.adoc#hcp-enable-arm-amd_hcp-deploy-aws[Deploying hosted clusters on an {aws-short} architecture].

> [id="hcp-4-17-non-bm_{context}"]

Reviewer: @xenolinux - I thought non-bare-metal was still a Technology Preview feature. If that is not the case, please let me know.

Author: Correct. Sorry, I got it confused it with bare metal. non-bm is still TP.

=== {hcp-capital} for an {product-title} cluster on non-bare-metal agent machines is Generally Available
In this release, {hcp} for an {product-title} cluster on non-bare-metal agent machines is Generally Available. For more information, see xref:../hosted_control_planes/hcp-deploy/hcp-deploy-non-bm.adoc#hcp-deploy-non-bm[Deploying hosted clusters on non-bare-metal agent machines].

> [id="hcp-4-17-bm_{context}"]

Reviewer: @xenolinux I think lines 50 - 52 can be removed, as HCP on bare metal has been GA for several releases.

Author: Correct. Thanks

=== {hcp-capital} for an {product-title} cluster on bare metal is Generally Available
In this release, {hcp} for an {product-title} cluster on bare metal is Generally Available. For more information, see xref:../hosted_control_planes/hosted_control_planes/hcp-manage/hcp-manage-bm.adoc[Running hosted clusters on bare metal].

> [id="hcp-4-17-virt_{context}"]

Reviewer: @xenolinux I think lines 54 - 56 should be removed, since HCP on OpenShift Virtualization has been GA for several releases now.

Author: Addressed

** `CrashLoopBackOff` state in the `service-ca-operator` pod: When the pod tries to reach the Kubernetes API server through the hosted control plane, the pod cannot reach the server because the data plane proxy in the `kube-system` namespace cannot resolve the request. This issue occurs because in the HAProxy setup, the front end uses an IP address and the back end uses a DNS name that the pod cannot resolve.
** Pods stuck in `ContainerCreating` state: This issue occurs because the `openshift-service-ca-operator` cannot generate the `metrics-tls` secret that the DNS pods need for DNS resolution. As a result, the pods cannot resolve the Kubernetes API server.
To resolve these issues, configure the DNS server settings for a dual stack network.

* On the Agent platform, the {hcp} feature periodically rotates the token that the Agent uses to pull ignition. As a result, if you have an Agent resource that was created some time ago, it might fail to pull ignition. As a workaround, in the Agent specification, delete the secret of the `IgnitionEndpointTokenReference` property then add or modify any label on the Agent resource. The system re-creates the secret with the new token.

> * If you created a hosted cluster in the same namespace as its managed cluster, detaching the managed hosted cluster deletes everything in the managed cluster namespace including the hosted cluster. To create a hosted cluster in the same namespace as its managed cluster, see the following situations:

Reviewer 2: It is a little confusing to me 
```
To create a hosted cluster in the same namespace as its managed cluster, see the following situations
```

I wanted to say something like ... The following situations can create a hosted cluster in the same namespace as its managed cluster.

> ** You created a hosted cluster on the Agent platform by using the {mce} console, and you set the hosted cluster namespace to be the same as managed cluster in the console.

Reviewer 2: You created a hosted cluster on the Agent platform by using the MCE console and did not override the default hosted cluster cluster namespace in the YAML editor.

> ** You created a hosted cluster by specifying the hosted cluster namespace to be the same as the hosted cluster name.

Reviewer 2: You created a hosted cluster via API or CLI by specifying the hosted cluster namespace to be the same as the hosted cluster name.
